okay this is how to change the rear
lights on a Nissan Navara d-22 type so
first thing I'll do is go on the inside
is held in with two two bolts here
they're ten millimeter sockets or a
Philips head one there and one there now
if you've got a load liner in you can
often just squeeze the load liner out
pull it out like so and get in there
with a spanner
but luckily for us we have got a load
liner on this one so you undo the top
screw that's the first bolt out from the
outside okay it comes out like so so
these are the brackets that the bolts
were bolting into okay then we've got to
remove the connector so you've got to
push this little tab in in the middle
okay get out a port okay now this is the
UK light which has got the eight way
connector the asian lights only had a
six way connects it because they didn't
have the full okay so that's the light
off now the replacement parts these one
here is the replacement parts that we
offer get it the same way around okay
now these brackets are on they line up
the same but they're arm slightly a
different way now this one you see
points up where this one points down for
they actually line up fine
and the connectors come pre-wired the
eight-way the only thing you need to
make sure you need to swap the bulbs
over is that the orange indicator bulb
we supply one because it's slightly
different to the one in the original but
everything else should swap over okay
and then obviously then the reverse is
exactly the same in Reverse plug the
connector in okay make sure that
connector doesn't get in the way when
you put it back in push that back in and
you're looking on the inside that you've
lined up with the brackets okay and then
line up the screw screw remember hand
first just to check you don't cross
thread